feat: add custom component by id (#3740)
rjsf-team/react-jsonschema-form: packages/docs/docs/advanced-customization/custom-widgets-fields.md

render(<Form schema={schema} validator={validator} fields={fields} />, document.getElementById('app'));
```

### Custom Field by Id

**Warning:** This is a powerful feature as you can override the whole form behavior and easily mess it up. Handle with care.

> You can provide your own implementation of React component for rendering any JSONSchema schema `$id`. This is useful when you want to augment a given schema `$id` with supplementary powers.
> 
> To proceed so, pass a `fields` object having a `$id` value property to your `Form` component; here's an example:

Reviewer: I see this was just copied from the existing docs. Just want to take this opportunity to see if we can improve it.

```suggestion
You can provide your own implementation of the field component that applies to any schema or sub-schema based on the schema's `$id` value. This is useful when your custom field should be conditionally applied based on the schema rather than the property name or data type.

To provide a custom field in this way, the `fields` prop should be an object which contains a key that matches the `$id` value of the schema which should have a custom field; here's an example:
```
